Transformations : Add partition by values to transformation docs (#57697)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/panels-visualizations/query-transform-data/transform-data/index.md

{{< figure src="/static/img/docs/transformations/organize-fields-stat-example-7-0.png" class="docs-image--no-shadow" max-width= "1100px" >}}

### Partition by values

This transformation can help eliminate the need for multiple queries to the same datasource with different `WHERE` clauses when graphing multiple series. Consider a metrics SQL table with the following data:

| Time                | Region | Value |
| ------------------- | ------ | ----- |
| 2022-10-20 12:00:00 | US     | 1520  |
| 2022-10-20 12:00:00 | EU     | 2936  |
| 2022-10-20 01:00:00 | US     | 1327  |
| 2022-10-20 01:00:00 | EU     | 912   |

Prior to v9.3, if you wanted to plot a red trendline for US and a blue one for EU in the same TimeSeries panel, you would likely have to split this into two queries:

`SELECT Time, Value FROM metrics WHERE Time > '2022-10-20' AND Region='US'`<br>
`SELECT Time, Value FROM metrics WHERE Time > '2022-10-20' AND Region='EU'`

This also requires you to know ahead of time which regions actually exist in the metrics table.

> With the _Partition by values_ transformer, you can now issue a single query and split the results by unique values (often of the enum type) from one or more columns (`fields`) of your choosing. The following example uses `Region`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the _Partition by values_ transformer, you can now issue a single query and split the results by unique values in one or more columns (`fields`) of your choosing. The following example uses `Region`.
```

> `SELECT Time, Region, Value FROM metrics WHERE Time > ‘2022-10-20’`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`SELECT Time, Region, Value FROM metrics WHERE Time > '2022-10-20'`
```

{{< figure src="/static/img/docs/transformations/organize-fields-stat-example-7-0.png" class="docs-image--no-shadow" max-width= "1100px" >}}

### Partition by values

This transformation can help eliminate the need for multiple queries to the same datasource with different `WHERE` clauses when graphing multiple series. Consider a metrics SQL table with the following data:

| Time                | Region | Value |
| ------------------- | ------ | ----- |
| 2022-10-20 12:00:00 | US     | 1520  |
| 2022-10-20 12:00:00 | EU     | 2936  |
| 2022-10-20 01:00:00 | US     | 1327  |
| 2022-10-20 01:00:00 | EU     | 912   |

Prior to v9.3, if you wanted to plot a red trendline for US and a blue one for EU in the same TimeSeries panel, you would likely have to split this into two queries:

> `SELECT Time, Value FROM metrics WHERE Time > ‘2022-10-20’ AND Region=’US’`
> 
> `SELECT Time, Value FROM metrics WHERE Time > ‘2022-10-20’ AND Region=’EU’`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`SELECT Time, Value FROM metrics WHERE Time > '2022-10-20' AND Region='US'`<br>
`SELECT Time, Value FROM metrics WHERE Time > '2022-10-20' AND Region='EU'`
```

{{< figure src="/static/img/docs/transformations/organize-fields-stat-example-7-0.png" class="docs-image--no-shadow" max-width= "1100px" >}}

### Partition by values

> Available in experimental in Grafana Open Source, Enterprise, Cloud Pro, Cloud Advanced

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Available in experimental in Grafana Open Source, Enterprise, Cloud Pro, and Cloud Advanced.
```

> Available in experimental in Grafana Open Source, Enterprise, Cloud Pro, and Cloud Advanced.

Reviewer: this wording is bizzare. can't we just say "Everywhere"?

> This transformation can help eliminate the need for multiple queries to the same datasource with different WHERE clauses when graphing multiple series. Consider a metrics SQL table with the following data:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This transformation can help eliminate the need for multiple queries to the same datasource with different `WHERE` clauses when graphing multiple series. Consider a metrics SQL table with the following data:
```

| Time                | Region | Value |
| ------------------- | ------ | ----- |
| 2022-10-20 12:00:00 | US     | 1520  |
| 2022-10-20 12:00:00 | EU     | 2936  |
| 2022-10-20 01:00:00 | US     | 1327  |
| 2022-10-20 01:00:00 | EU     | 912   |

> Prior to v9.3. if you wanted to plot a red trendline for US and a blue one for EU in the same TimeSeries panel, you would likely have to split this into two queries:

Reviewer 2: Changing a period to a comma. 
```suggestion
Prior to v9.3, if you wanted to plot a red trendline for US and a blue one for EU in the same TimeSeries panel, you would likely have to split this into two queries:
```

> `SELECT Time, Value FROM metrics WHERE Time > ‘2022-10-20’ AND Region=’US’`

Reviewer: i think this needs a `<br>` after it.

`SELECT Time, Value FROM metrics WHERE Time > ‘2022-10-20’ AND Region=’EU’`

This also requires you to know ahead of time which regions actually exist in the metrics table.

> With the Partition by values transformer, you can now issue a single query and split the results by unique (enum) values from one or more columns (fields) of your choosing. In this case, Region.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
With the Partition by values transformer, you can now issue a single query and split the results by unique (`enum`) values from one or more columns (`fields`) of your choosing. The following example uses `Region`.
```
